13virtues
=========

Tracking 13 virtues of Benjamin Franklin

This project is based on the famous 13 virtues of Benjamin Franklin which can be found at http://www.pbs.org/benfranklin/pop_virtues_list.html.  Benjamin Franklin developed a way of refining his personality at the age of 20 by listing 13 virtues which needs to be overcome. He started to mark the number of times he violated the first virtue for the days of the first week. In the second week, he would mark violations for both the first virtue and the second virtue. In the third week, he would include the third virtue. He continued this for a period of 13 weeks till all the virtues were completed.

In this project, the same procedure/service is provided to students of the instructor’s class. A website is hosted and each student logs in with unique credentials. Starting from day1 he/she marks the violations. Once the violation are recorded they cannot be changed. In case no virtue is violated, every student have to record the same, which ensures every student logs in every day. There is an additional feature called note for each day, which can be used to brief comments for future reference. These notes can be edited later too as this whole project is for self-improvement. For example, a student may need to compare his prior violations to current and accordingly circumstances and list what he can do to avoid that in the future. From the instructor point of view, who will be the admin for this site, he will not be able to look at each individual violations for the reason of privacy but can draw a statistical view of progress of the class. Reports can still be seen for inactive student though.
